---
pre: Quinn Michaels
title: Ether Spiral
subtitle: Tibetan Singing Bowl Digital Painting Spiral Meditation
layout: video
header: /assets/img/videos/2024-11-07-spiral-header.jpg
image: /assets/img/videos/2024-10-27-echoes.jpg
thumbnail: /assets/img/videos/2024-11-07-spiral-thumb.jpg
published: November 7, 2024
describe: Quinn Michaels take you on a journey through a singing bowl soundscape while watching the creation of a magnificent spiral painting.
tweet: Quinn Michaels take you on a journey through a singing bowl soundscape while creating a magnificent spiral painting.
hashtags: QuinnMichaels,QuinnSingingBowlStudio,Video,Art,Meditation,Soundscape
color: var(--color-white)
---

{% include videoplayer.html id="xb_NMR1QMWU" %}

Take a journey through a singing bowl soundscape while watching the creation of a magnificent spiral painting.  Unlike other singing bowl videos where you watch someone play their singing bowls in this video you watch the creation of an original work of art.

Enjoy the video, and remember to subscribe, share, and like the video so Quinn's Singing Bowl Studio can keep making content like this that viewers enjoy and value.

---

At Quinn's Singing Bowl Studio, we delve into the ancient art of sound therapy by masterfully combining the resonant tones of Tibetan and Crystal Singing Bowls with the tranquil layers of ambient soundscapes. Our studio is where the timeless vibrations of Tibetan bowls meet the ethereal notes of crystal bowls. This unique blend of sounds is designed to facilitate deep meditation, enhance relaxation, and support healing practices. Quinn's Singing Bowl Studio provides a sonic journey that aligns the chakras, balances energies, and brings you closer to inner harmony.

Engage with Us:
- Like and Share: If this session helps you, please share it with others who might benefit.
- Share Your Journey: After the session, share your thoughts or how it helped you in the comments. Your journey can inspire others.
- Stay Connected: Subscribe to Quinn's Singing Bowl Studio for more meditative videos, shorts, journeys, workshops, and insights.

#singingbowls #painting #meditation #soundbowls #tibetansingingbowls #crystalsingingbowls #meditate #morningmeditation #soundhealing #soundbath #healingsounds #healingmusic #meditationmusic #deepsleepmusic #vedic #buddhist  #buddhism  #vedicthreefoldalgorithm

[Youtube Link ](https://youtu.be/xb_NMR1QMWU)  

---

Support the studio...
- [Paypal](https://paypal.me/rahulaclub)  
- [Patreon](https://patreon.com/rahulaclub)

Thank you.  
Quinn Michaels
