---
name: Quinn Michaels
title: Singing Bowl Blog - Welcome
layout: post
hero: header
date: Oct 23, 2024
author: Quinn Michaels
image: /assets/img/blog/2024-10-23-header.jpg
color: var(--color-white)
tweet: Welcome to Quinn's Singing Bowl Studio Blog. Learn about the singing bowl studio intentions and goals for the future.
hashtags: QuinnMichaels,SingingBowlStudio,Blog,Goals,Intentions
copyright: (c)2024 Quinn Michaels. All rights reserved.
---

Welcome to the first blog in Quinn's Singing Bowl Studio. Being that this is the first blog for the Singing Bowl Studio let's start with setting the intentions and goals for the future.

## Brainstorming

The whole idea for Quinn's Singing Bowl Studio is to move into a reality that is more pleasing for me. A transition one could say from focusing on technology and singing bowls being my hobby so-to-speak. To using my technology skills to make singing bowls my career.

How did I come to this decision? On August 21, 2024 I was in a pretty serious accident that landed me in the ICU with a skull fracture, fractured shoulder blade, and broken clavicle that required surgery. While in the hospital I found myself doing hours of Prana (breath) Meditation to help myself get through the experience. During that time all I could think about was how my life had turned into something displeasing as a result of the previous 7 years. So as they say while in the hospital bed after a near death experience I came to the conclusion that my practice in meditation and playing singing bowls would bring a better life. So without hesitation I made the shift. We find the beginning here.

## Intentions

1. Create a community of people who are genuinely interested supporting Quinn's Singing Bowl Studio.
2. Create singing bowl videos, shorts, and live streams for the Youtube Channel.
3. Create singing bowl audio for the Soundcloud Channel.
4. Build Patreon community into a group of who support singing bowl studio.
5. Use the X platform to build a real-time community of supporters.


## Goals
1. See all the people trolling and sabotaging my efforts find something better to do with their lives.
2. Increase Youtube likes, comments, subscribers and sharing on Youtube channel.
3. Produce new Youtube shorts every 1-2 days.
4. Produce long form 10-15min videos every 5-7 days.
5. Share singing bowl photos and videos to X platform more consistently.
6. Expand singing bowl photos and videos to instagram and facebook.
