---
name: Quinn Michaels
title: What is Pranayama?
subtitle:  Introduction to Pranayama Meditation
layout: post
hero: header
date: Oct 27, 2024
author: Quinn Michaels
image: /assets/img/blog/2024-10-27-header.jpg
color: var(--color-white)
tweet: What is Pranayama? Quinn's Singing Bowl Studio introduces you to the practice of Prana Meditation.
hashtags: QuinnMichaels,SingingBowlStudio,Blog,Prana,Meditation
copyright: (c)2024 Quinn Michaels. All rights reserved.
---

What is Pranayama? Pranayama is the stepping stone, foundation, the helpmate. The Pranayama is the means by which the person masters levitation, walks upon the water, and also the means of living buried alive for years. Pranayama is the Master Key by which to open the door of liberation, and master the forces.

Pranayama is the best method for humanity to overcome diseases, conquer fear, overcome nervousness or despondency. It opens the door of Blessed Peace, it gives hope to the hopeless, power to the poor, faith to the faithless. There is no other way to control the mind. Mind is nothing without desire or thought; desires and thoughts are nothing without **Prana**.

Prana is like the forces of electricity. Everything that moves is moved by Prana. Prana moves the lungs, then air goes in and out as breath. Prana is behind everything as force.

- The mind is lord of the senses and the organs.
- The Prana is lord of the mind.
- The mind is the motor.
- The Prana is the power that moves the motor.

From the Prana there are born other Pranas, namely:

- Apana
- Samana
- Vyana
- Udana.

These are in the various parts of the body, but Prana is the power back of All and All. When the breath is irregular, the mind wanders, but when the breath is under control the mind is also under control.

As long as the nerves are not pure, the Prana can not go through the body, and as long as Prana does not go through the body there is no success. As soon as the nerves are purified, there is succeeds in doing Pranayama, and then the body becomes slender and light. This is the sign of Pranayama success, for then the Prana goes through the body.

There is no success without purification of the nerves, and there is no purification of the nerves without Pranayama. By forcing the Prana downward and raising the Apana upward, the person becomes young, though they be old in years.

There are eight different Pranayamas, that should be learned from a teacher who has mastered them.

If the busy people of the world practice Pranayama for just a few months, they will be surprised to see its effect upon the body and mind. The body will become light and active. Idleness will vanish like darkness before the light.

Pranayama is easy to practice. Any one can do it, the young, the old, diseased or maimed. It is the key to everlasting youth.

Pranayama will have a wonderfully soothing effect on one whenever they are at war with themselves.
- Is the world going hard on you?
- Do you feel you are losing out in the race of life?

Then practice Pranayama, and after the practice you will emerge wonderfully renewed and renascent. Ready to forge ahead in the battle of life, with new vigor, new faith in yourself and new hope.

**Are you faced with a problem that requires a cool brain and clear thinking, profound and mature judgement?**

Before tackling the problem, attain mental poise by practicing Pranayama. In the midst of the greatest stress and storm, in the thick of the battle, steady yourself for a supreme effort by practicing Pranayama. Practice this daily without fail, and you will notice how marvelously, your mental, physical and spiritual powers, are developed.

You will then always be master of yourself and of the situation. You will always have a tremendous amount of surplus energy, mentally, physically and spiritually, upon which to draw. This will make your life natural and peaceful, free from nervous exhaustion and worry, because it will enable you to keep your vital force of life ever renewed and reinforced. It will enable you to charge your battery, to electrify it every day.

Today you resemble a small boat tossing on the waves of a stormy life without oars, at the mercy of wind and wave, always in danger of rocks and shoals. Practice Pranayama and you will plough thru the vast sea of life like a giant dreadnought.

Learn Pranayama—practice Pranayama, and be master of yourself and your circumstances.

**Source:**  
- [THE POWER OF THE PRANAYAMA YOGA](https://sacred-texts.com/hin/kmu/kmu08.htm)  
