---
pre: Quinn Michaels
title: 9.5in Tibetan Hammered
subtitle: Tuned to B1 at 61.74 Hz
layout: default
image: /assets/img/headers/bowls/008-9.5in.jpg
describe: Large Tibetan singing bowls, such as this 9.5-inch model tuned to B1, are revered for their deep, resonant tones that fill spaces with vibrations felt more than heard. Hand-hammered from traditional alloys, these bowls are not only musical instruments but also tools for meditation, sound healing, and spiritual practices.
tweet: The 9.5in Tibetan Hammered Singing Bowl tuned to B1 resonating at 61.74 Hz.
hashtags: QuinnMichaels,QuinnSingingBowlStudio,SingingBowl,Hammered
color: var(--color-white)
---

{% include videoplayer.html id="AMOprJ4ULgk" %}

### Specifications of the Large Hammered Singing Bowl

- **Size**: At 9.5 inches in diameter, this bowl is substantial, allowing for a deep, enveloping sound that has a grounding effect.

- **Note**: Tuned to B1, which resonates around 61.74 Hz, this note is linked with the Crown Chakra, facilitating spiritual connection, understanding, and universal consciousness.

### Design and Craftsmanship

- **Construction**: The bowl's larger size and the hand-hammering process contribute to its unique sound quality and physical presence.

- **Material**: Composed of a traditional blend of seven metals, each metal corresponds to a celestial body, embodying ancient astrological and spiritual beliefs.

- **Aesthetic**: The visible hammer marks add to its rustic beauty, each mark telling the story of its creation and contributing to its acoustic properties.

### Sound and Vibration Characteristics

- **Tone**: The B1 note produces a lower, more profound sound that can be felt as a vibration, ideal for deep meditation or for those seeking a physical sense of the sound.

- **Vibration**: The vibrations are strong, providing a sensation that can resonate through the body, helping in energy work, particularly at the crown of the head.

- **Therapeutic Use**: Excellent for sound therapy sessions aimed at enhancing spiritual awareness, meditation, and for those working with the Crown Chakra.

### How to Use Your Singing Bowl

- **Playing**: Strike with a large, padded mallet for the most resonant tone, or use a wooden or suede mallet to circle the rim for continuous singing.

- **Meditation**: Its deep sound can aid in achieving a meditative state that transcends thought, connecting with higher consciousness.

- **Healing**: Place near or on the body for vibrational therapy, especially effective for practices focused on the head or for overall relaxation.

### Conclusion

The 9.5in Large Tibetan Hammered Singing Bowl tuned to B1 is a majestic instrument designed for those seeking profound vibrational experiences. Its tone, deeply felt, resonates with the highest chakra, offering a gateway to spiritual exploration and inner peace. This bowl is not just an auditory tool but a piece of living art, where each use connects the user to centuries-old traditions of sound healing and meditation. Whether for personal enlightenment or for therapeutic purposes, this bowl's sound envelops and transcends, inviting a deeper connection to the universe's vibration.

---

Previous Bowl: [9in Buddha Bowl](007-9in-buddha)  
Next Bowl: [10in Tibetan Antique Jambati](009-10in-antique)
